hi YouTube this is men and again welcome
to my channel in this video I'm going to
show you how to make the masala for
masala dosa starting off with frying the
the mustard the Bengal gram the dried
red chillies and the curry leaves and
ginger-garlic paste so heat oil in a pan
first so I'm adding about two
tablespoons of oil once the oil is hot
you add the other ingredients and fight
well before you add the onions and green
chillies ok the oil is hot now to this
I'm going to add the mustard seeds about
1 tablespoon of mustard then 2
tablespoons of split Bengal gram one
spring of curry leaves 1 TSP of
ginger-garlic paste also about 4 dried
red chilies
cut it into half fry well ring that's
when you add the onions and green
chilies to it okay that's right well now
to this I'm going to add the chopped
onion I have 1 big onion here which is
chopped well and 5 green chilies which
are slit lengthwise try this well for
couple of minutes it looks like it is
fried well to this I'm adding the
chopped videos I have three potatoes
here Jeff Jeff chopped well so to this
I'm going to add the potatoes and fry
for about a minute after frying the
potatoes for about a minute and three
cups of water
and let it cook until the gravy becomes
thick and potatoes are cooked I'll be
adding 1 TSP of turmeric powder and salt
to taste I'm going to add the turmeric
and salt you can see the nice color of
the masala as it boils
now once the potatoes starts to cook
it'll be good if you could mash it with
the spatula to get the flavors out of it
okay you can see that the potatoes well
I want this water to get dried up a bit
more
so it'd be the right consistency to make
the masala dosa this will be the idea of
consistency if you want to have it with
chapati so porous as potato masala so
I'm going to reduce a flame and cook it
in low flame for another two to three
minutes until the water gets right and
the masala gets a bit more thicker you
can see that the masala is nice and dry
and thick this would be right to make
masala dosa I'm going to switch on the
stove and then transfer this to a
serving bowl and start making my Tosa
for dinner okay now let's see how to
make masala dosa
so I described about this in my previous
videos so one scoop full of batter and
spread it evenly over the pan circular
movements
and then to this add the preferred oil
am adding ghee to it once the process
starts to get drawn just spread the ghee
evenly all over the top a then we can
see that it is nice and wrong at this
point I'll add the masala to the center
this is full full and fold it into half
and transfer it to a serving plate you
see how nice and brown it is